NOTICE:
CMS Version 5.2.  The CMS code has been modified from code supplied by the U.S. Army Corps
of Engineers, Engineer Research and Development Center (USACE-ERDC).  USACE-ERDC makes no
guarantees about the results, or appropriateness of outputs, obtained from CMS.  

LIST OF CONDITIONS:
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are
permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
● Redistributions of source code must retain the above notice, this list of conditions, and
the following disclaimer.
● Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above notice, this list of conditions,
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.
● The names of the U.S. Government, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Engineer Research and
Development Center, the Coastal and Hydraulics Laboratory may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.  Nor
may the names of its contributors be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.

DISCLAIMER:
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE U.S. ARMY ENGINEER RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CENTER, COASTAL
AND HYDRAULICS LABORATORY (ERDC-CHL) "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ERDC-CHL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE
USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
